Graphics:
    Smol stores everything into a single buffer, then does ONE GPU call 
    to render absolutely everything, by uploading things from an static
    buffer in RAM to VRAM at the end of each frame, to then render it all 
    as one big element, reducing latency

    It also uses a simple coordinate system which goes from -(w/2) to w/2
    and -(h/2) to h/2, unlike Löve's or Tic-80's

    It also only focuses on drawing quads, but I am considering to expand
    upon the concept by making the buffer system more generalized.

    I am considering to store every single texture into the same metatexture,
    so we can keep the single-buffer strategy and make it faster.

Form-factor:
    Smol is one single, super small binary and it would be neat if it was
    static but that's simply not possible on linux in this current setup.

    Smol uses Lua as it's scripting language, mostly because I personally
    enjoy using Lua a lot, and because it's super simple to bundle in, plus
    mega portable.

    Smol bundles it's own Lua interpreter and I considered to make it just
    be a random lua library you can just integrate into an existing project
    but that sucks because no portability anymore.

    Smol takes uncompressed .tar files, normally they have the extension
    ".smol" instead, only to differentiate games from normal tar files
    (even though they have 0 technical difference other than compression).

    I am considering to add compression to the game stuff too but I feel 
    like that's probably too taxing on disk bandwidth, and the sole reason
    of why I am using uncompressed .tar files is because they're portable,
    simple and should be fast enough for old and new drives.

    I am also considering to add support for zip files because they could 
    theoretically be attached to the smol binary itself, allowing
    single-filed games to be made with ease, but that'd also mean that i'd 
    have to start providing uncompressed binaries which would increase
    the binary size, but not by a significant much.
    (ZIP is a pain in the ass though, last time I tried implementing it
    it was awful oh god, it was just terrible, oh my god, aaah oooh, uh)

Branding:
    I really think the name "smol" is funny but it's also super generic 
    and I feel like it might be too childish, I have considered to use the
    word "Deimos", which is the smallest moon in the entire solar system,
    it being a direct reference that "Lua" translates into "Moon" (portuguese).

    I also am considering to NOT use anything moon related for the logo,
    i'm so freaking tired of everything Lua-oriented to straight up be just
    a fricken moon or whatever, BUT I am planning for Smol to have it's own
    little wolf-esque mascot, which would probably render in place of a game 
    just in case the game broke or something, which is something I need to 
    handle too...

    (It's hard to be a creative loser with tons of ideas but no willpower to
    finish them, nor the time, nor the energy, nor anything tbh)